to start make sure all of your
ingredients already you'll want to have
oregano basil crushed Tomatoes crushed
red pepper heavy whipping cream Romano
cheese grated garlic penne butter and
pursuit then turn the heat on the water
and let that come to a nice boil it'll
be a while so you have plenty of time to
get your sauce ready to cut up your /
you just make a bunch of slices through
it and the crisscross kind of like
cutting up waffles then you get nice
little square chunks like this cut the
pursuit into little squares kind of like
you're cutting up pancakes this way and
this me there we are all our pursuit is
nice and chopped up and shredded that's
the way we want it I used a half a pound
you can use a quarter pound all depends
how much you want if you have you want
to use a large and deep saucepan you see
that's nice and nice and deep and you're
going to put in about 2 tablespoons
really hard to do this with one hand and
you're going to put that in there with
my and let's just do that and
you're going to put that in and you're
going to melt that okay a little bit of
garlic mix it with the melted butter
okay add the Brazil
and then Brown that up and crushed
tomatoes crushed red pepper basil and
oregano and let that simmer for a while
while this is simmering water's boiling
add the pasta okay is the pastas getting
almost done add the heavy cream and then
mix it all together now that the pasta
is almost done just and a little bit of
vodka and mix that all in the sauce
right in and rinse the pasta
and when that's done you can shut off
the sauce
what's past is drained and plus also all
together and mixed and cheese roll
together
and dinner served